how to download pygame:

1. open command prompt
2. type: pip install pygame
    *** if pip is not recognized as an internal or external command do this:
        source: https://appuals.com/fix-pip-is-not-recognized-as-an-internal-or-external-command/
        Method 1
        1. Press Windows key + R to open up a Run dialog box. Then, type “cmd” and press Enter to open up Command Prompt.
        2. Inside the command prompt window, type echo %PATH% and press Enter to get a listing with all locations added to the PATH variable
        3. If you manage to find a path similar to C:\Python37\Scripts (this depends on your Python version), it means that the installation 
           path is already added to your PATH variable. In this case, you can skip next two methods below and jump straight to Method 4 where 
           we start troubleshooting for problems related to the PiP installation path.
        Method 2
        1. Press Windows key + R to open up a Run dialog box. Then, type “sysdm.cpl” and press Enter to open up the System Properties screen.
        2. Inside the System Properties screen, go to the Advanced tab, then click on Environment Variables.
        3. In the Environment Variables screen, go to System variables and click on Path to select it. Then with the Path selected, click the 
           Edit… button.
        4. In the Edit environment variable screen, click on New and add the path where the PiP installation is located. For Python 3.4, the 
           default location is C:\Python34\Scripts.
        5. Once the path is added, open a fresh CMD window and try to install a python package that comes with PiP. You should no longer see 
           the “pip is not recognized as an internal or external command” error.
        Method 3 
        1. Press Windows key + R to open up a Run dialog box. Then, type “cmd” and press Enter to open a Command Prompt window.
        2. In the Command Prompt window, run the following command to set the PIP installation to the environment variable:
           setx PATH “%PATH%;C:\Python37\Scripts”
        3. See if this method was successfully by running a Python installation package (one that uses PIP) from the same CMD window. If 
           you’re still encountering the error message, move down to the next method below.
        Method 4
        The Short Method
        1. Press Windows key + R to open up a Run dialog box. Then, type “cmd” and press Enter to open a Command Prompt Window.
        2. Type the following commands and make sure to change the placeholder to your own package name:
        python -m pip install pygame
        The Long Method
        1. Open a Run dialog box by pressing Windows key + R. Then, type “cmd” and hit Enter to open a Command Prompt window.
        2. In the CMD window, use the following command to navigate to the directory where the python .whl file is located:
           cd C:\python installs
        3. Next, run the following command to install the Python package using PiP:
           c:\python37\scripts\pip.exe install [package].whl
        Method 5
        1. Press Windows key + R to open up a Run dialog box. Then, type “appwiz.cpl” and press Enter to open Programs and Features.
        2. Inside Programs and Features, right-click on the Python installation and click Change.
        3. At the Modify Setup screen, click on Modify
        4. In the Optional Features screen, check the box associated with pip and click Next.
        5. Hit the Install button to make the changes to the Python installation.
        6. Once the Python installation is modified, open a CMD window and see if you’re able to install a Python package with PiP without 
           seeing the “pip is not recognized as an internal or external command” error.
        Method 6
        1. Press Windows key + R to open up a Run dialog box. Then, type “appwiz.cpl” and press Enter to open Programs and Features.
        2. Inside Programs and Features, scroll down to the programs list to find the Python installation. Once you find it, right-click on it 
           and choose Uninstall, then follow the on-screen prompts to remove it from your system. Once the Python distribution is removed from 
           your computer, restart your machine.
        3. At the next startup, visit this link (here) and download the latest Python executable installer according to your Os architecture.
        4. Open the installation executable and start by making sure that the box associated with Add Python to PATH is checked – This ensures 
           that you can run Python commands in Command Prompt. Then, click on Customize installation.
        5. Open the installation executable and start by making sure that the box associated with Add Python to PATH is checked – This ensures 
           that you can run Python commands in Command Prompt. Then, click on Customize installation.
        6. Leave the default location and Advanced Options, then click Install to commence the installation.
        7. Once the installation is complete, restart your computer manually if you’re not automatically prompted to do so.
        8. At the next startup, see if the issue has been resolved by trying to install a Python package via a CMD window.
        9. If you’re still seeing the “pip is not recognized as an internal or external command” error, type the following command in a CMD window:
           python -m ensurepip --default-pip
